Something happened.
I just heard the news outside
that Qingshan Manor intercepted and killed
His Majesty outside Zhenhuangcheng.
Yan Xun died at the hands of Zhuge Yue.
Where did you get this news?
Did you see the body?
I didn't see the body.
But all night, several teams
of Qingshan Manor spies
were rushing in and out of the city.
It doesn't seem to be a baseless rumor.
I don't believe it.
Without seeing the body,
I won't believe Yan Xun is dead.
Yan Xun, the King of Great Yan,
attempted to escape
and fell off a cliff to his death!
He's dead?
I heard the King of Great Yan
was incredibly brave.
Qingshan Manor is truly formidable.
[Notice from Zhenhuangcheng]
Yan Xun's body hasn't been found yet.
Great Yan's General Cheng Yuan
has been executed.
Good! Good!
-Good! Good!
It's General Cheng.
We can't let Cheng Yuan's body
fall into the hands of Great Yong.
[Tomb of General Cheng Yuan]
You don't need to worry.
Since they haven't found Yan Xun's body,
it means he should still be alive.
As long as he is alive,
he will definitely return to Great Yan.
General Cheng,
I didn't expect that
after being enemies for so many years,
I would be the one to bury you.
General Cheng,
if there is a next life
and we are both born in Great Yan again,
let us be comrades
and protect Great Yan together.
[REBIRTH]
[Episode 37]
Young Master.
The troops of Great Yong
have reached Zhutancheng.
In a few days,
they will reach the Ximeng border.
Young Master.
There is one thing
that I don't understand.
Speak.
His Highness and you
have always been friends
through life and death.
After Muhe Lie and Wei Guang died,
something also happened to the Mu family.
But why did he give
most of the military power
to the Prince of Jing,
who has always stayed away from the court?
The Crown Prince is no longer
the Seventh Prince he used to be.
He is the Crown Prince of Great Yong.
As the Crown Prince,
he will no longer be friends with anyone.
But if that's the case,
why did you still choose
to support the Crown Prince?
Castor beans.
They cause shortness of breath.
Within 2 hours,
one dies of suffocation.
♪ The dust in the world ♪
♪ Is blown away easily by the wind ♪
♪ Who can stay calm ♪
Qianji Poison.
♪ And not be scared? ♪
It causes the poisoned
to convulse all over
♪ A slight ripple ♪
and die bleeding from all orifices.
♪ Floating life hangs by a thread ♪
You have one more chance.
♪ The more pulled, the softer it gets ♪
♪ Who dares to say forever? ♪
♪ Let it be ♪
♪ Grudges and grace
were never meant to be ♪
♪ Why must you take and demand so much? ♪
♪ Go weaving ♪
♪ Grand and glorious excuses ♪
It is the upas tree,
also known as "Instant Death."
♪ We face ♪
It is highly toxic.
If it enters the heart, there is no cure.
♪ The heavy thunderstorm together ♪
You are a spy of Qingshan Manor.
Teaching you to identify poisonous plants
is for taking others' lives,
♪ Even in extreme pain ♪
not poisoning yourself.
♪ We don't even wince ♪
In today's test,
you failed.
♪ Why in this world ♪
I know martial arts.
Why can't I kill them openly,
♪ The staunchest heart
and strongest soul ♪
instead of using vicious methods?
The rules of this world
♪ Yield so easily to gentle warmth? ♪
won't care about your ways and methods.
You can only use any means necessary
to survive.
♪ We once beheld ♪
Then the rules of this world are wrong.
♪ A mirage on earth ♪
Don't you think so?
Whether it is you or me,
♪ Beauty never ♪
if we can't change anything,
♪ Lasts for long ♪
we're not qualified
to judge right or wrong.
The first thing you have to do now
♪ No matter how a jade is carved ♪
is to survive in this world.
♪ It's just a stone ♪
♪ It will eventually disappear ♪
Because
I have no choice.
♪ It will eventually disappear ♪
Eat.
Go to hell!
Don't kill me! Don't kill me!
I'll tell you Zhao Che's secret!
Didn't you say you knew nothing?
I know! I know!
I will tell you
everything I know.
Then speak out.
Let's see if it's worth your life.
The third prophecy Jia Meng will announce
is that the Faceless God Sect
will use the sacred fire
to burn the current Chosen One to death,
which will be replaced
by a new Chosen One.
This is all Zhao Che's conspiracy.
The person to die
is the current Emperor.
How can you prove
you are telling the truth?
Following Zhao Che's secret order,
in the ancestral temple
of Tianyuan Palace,
I hid a large amount of
spontaneously combustible flint powder.
This is the evidence of his plot
to murder His Majesty!
Because in 2 months,
it'll be His Majesty's birthday.
Under the guise
of renovating the ancestral temple
to celebrate His Majesty's birthday,
Zhao Che has long replaced the guards
with his own people.
If you don't believe me,
you can check the records
of the grain carts I dispatched
in and out of the city.
Those grain carts
were specially used to transport
flint powder for him!
According to Mu Shen,
there is a secret room
in the ancestral temple.
Following Zhao Che's order,
he hid the flint powder
in the secret room.
So on the day of the birthday,
the flint powder
will spontaneously ignite,
and the ancestral temple will catch fire.
Zhao Che is using this cult
to eliminate dissidents.
The followers of the Faceless God Sect
have already begun to slaughter civilians
who refuse to join the sect
outside Zhenhuangcheng.
These are all secretly ordered
by Zhao Che.
But now,
we can't even get close to
Tianyuan Palace,
let alone enter the ancestral temple.
I have an idea.
Generals and soldiers,
the Faceless God has punished Ximeng.
The continuous floods in Ximeng
can't wash away its sins.
We are going there
to redeem this sinful land
for the Faceless God
and bring the glory and light
of Great Yong
to Ximeng and its people.
From now on,
Ximeng will become part of Great Yong!
-Annex Ximeng!
Wait!
I pay my respects to you, Your Majesty,
Your Highness.
General Xing Le,
you've been on sick leave for days.
Why do you suddenly appear today
and hinder the army
from setting off to Ximeng?
What's your intention?
Your Majesty,
I was not on sick leave.
I was just assassinated
in my mansion a few days ago
and forced to flee.
That's why I went missing.
As for the news of my sick leave,
I don't know where it came from.
I was assassinated
and fortunately saved by someone.
I've also brought
this person here to meet you.
She also has something important
to report to you.
Who is it?
Finish your words at once.
Guards!
Protect His Majesty!
Capture the assassin Chu Qiao!
Wait, Your Highness!
Please hear me out!
Chu Qiao is here to surrender!
I pay my respects to you, Your Majesty,
Your Highness.
I, Chu Qiao,
carrying the names of Queen Ximeng
and Empress Dowager Xiuli of Biantang,
have come specially to Father and Brother
to surrender.
Why are you just standing there?
This person is a guilty slave
who defected from Great Yong
and once assassinated
the Thirteenth Prince.
Don't listen to her nonsense.
Kill her on the spot.
I will reward you heavily.
Wait.
Chu Qiao,
I recognize you.
In the 23rd year of Tianqian,
I appointed you as the imperial guard's
martial arts instructor.
At that time,
you were still with Yan Xun.
Just now,
what did you call yourself?
Your daughter.
I pay my respects to you, Father.
Half a year ago,
you sent an envoy of Great Yong,
Lord Zhuge Muqing, to Ximeng
to confer the title
of Princess Ximeng on me,
claiming that I was your lost daughter.
At that time, I was momentarily confused
and refused your kindness,
failing to accept the decree
and acknowledge my ancestry in time.
Now I feel deeply regretful,
so I came specially to you
to apologize, Father.
We sent people all the way to Biantang
to inform General Sun to save General Chu.
But what happened?
Great Yong didn't care at all.
The Biantang envoys
were killed in Zhenhuangcheng.
We don't even know whether General Chu
is dead or alive.
The situation in Great Yong has changed.
What else can we do?
The Xiuli Army only has a few hundred men.
Even with all the soldiers of Ximeng,
it's just a drop in the bucket.
What about the others?
Do you all think so too?
Commander He,
over the years,
we've seen too many heroes
who fought to the death.
No bodies were left.
Not even a grave
or a name was left.
We only have these people.
If we go to Great Yong,
you know better than us the outcome
of kicking against the pricks.
We're indebted to General Chu!
Without her,
we would have died in the wilderness!
Now that General Chu's life
is on the line,
are we going to stand by and do nothing?
Commander He,
for so many years,
hasn't the Xiuli Army shed enough blood?
General Chu indeed saved us,
but we...
but we also have to survive
for the sake of our families.
I got married in Biantang.
My wife is about to give birth.
I don't want my child to be born
without a father.
We are all brothers of the Xiuli Army.
None of us here
owes General Chu our lives,
nor do we owe the Xiuli Army anything.
I have no right to force you.
I respect your choice.
But I
still have to take this path.
Father,
if you forgive my past mistakes,
the people of Ximeng and I
will submit to you.
Chu Qiao,
you're a runaway slave
from Qingshan Manor.
You and Heir Apparent Yan Xun
defected from Great Yong
and bathed Zhenhuangcheng in blood.
Now you dare to pretend to be a princess—
Whether I'm a runaway slave
from Qingshan Manor
or Father's daughter
left in Qingshan Manor,
it's not for you to say.
Father's edict has already made it clear.
On the day Lord Zhuge Muqing
announced the edict,
Young Master Zhuge, you were also present,
weren't you?
Last time at Ximeng Pass—
Enough.
Say no more.
Chu Qiao,
I only have one question.
Why should I believe
that you sincerely surrender?
Father,
Great Yong is rich and powerful.
But Ximeng
is just a barren land.
Now that it has been punished
by the Faceless God,
if I remain obstinate,
it will only make Ximeng suffer.
But if I lead Ximeng
to submit to Great Yong,
it can prevent a war
between the two armies,
and wealth and glory will await me.
Why would I make an enemy of Great Yong?
Besides,
Father, you are a hundred times wiser
than I am.
I believe
you know better than I do
that having an extra princess
in Great Yong
is better than having an extra enemy.
Your Majesty,
what Chu Qiao said
is not entirely unreasonable.
If Ximeng could submit to Great Yong
without bloodshed,
it would be a great blessing indeed.
If we continue to doubt her,
we might miss a good opportunity.
Your Majesty,
I know
Chu Qiao very much.
In my opinion,
her loyalty
is not necessarily true.
What are you talking about,
Young Master Zhuge?
If you can forsake the darkness
for the light,
betray Ximeng,
and pledge allegiance to Great Yong,
why can't I?
Father.
If you have any doubts,
after I enter the ancestral temple
of Great Yong
and my name is added
to the imperial genealogy
as a princess,
I will personally hand over
Ximeng's jade seal, military tally,
and letter of submission
to you.
At that time, Father,
you just need to give the order
to send the Yong Army
stationed outside Ximeng Pass
to Ximeng Pass.
By then,
Ximeng will become Great Yong's territory.
If you enter the ancestral temple,
have your name added to the genealogy,
but immediately go back on your word,
what then?
Unless
you hand over
Ximeng's jade seal and military tally
first.
Fine.
But
I have a request.
Please issue a decree immediately,
granting me my rightful title of Princess.
In 3 days,
I will be in front of Tianyuan Palace
to hand over
the military tally and jade seal
to you, Father,
and sign Ximeng's letter of submission
to Great Yong,
witnessed by all the officials.
After that,
please let me worship
at the ancestral temple directly
and add my name to the genealogy
to show sincerity.
Are you bargaining with me?
You worry that I'll go back on my word
after entering the genealogy.
I am naturally also afraid
that after getting the jade seal,
you'll go back on your word
and deny me as your daughter.
Stand up.
Fine.
I
promise you.
Thank you, Father.
Father.
You come with a sword
and armor,
barging into my bedchamber.
Are you forcing me to abdicate again?
I don't understand.
Why did you agree to Chu Qiao?
Our army
is massed outside Zhenhuangcheng,
ready to go.
We can reach Ximeng in a few months.
A barbarian land like Ximeng
lacks generals and tactics
and has suffered days of flooding.
Our army will surely
be invincible.
Why must we compromise with Chu Qiao?
Besides,
Chu Qiao being the Princess
was just a scheme we made up.
She is no princess at all.
How could such an absurd title
become an excuse
for them to manipulate us?
Our enemy is not Ximeng.
Ximeng is just a barbarian land.
For years past,
we never sought to conquer it.
It would be quite easy
for us to take Ximeng.
But what if Great Yan
takes the opportunity
to march south?
Chu Qiao is not an ordinary person.
She won't submit to Great Yong so easily.
She must have an ulterior motive.
In this world,
no one is without an ulterior motive.
I know there are risks,
but to take Ximeng
without losing a single soldier,
the benefits outweigh the risks.
Che.
Your character is too rigid.
You don't have to be so tough
on some things.
Taking a step back
can help you gain more.
Go to that cabinet.
Inside.
There is a hidden compartment.
That day, you came aggressively,
making me write an edict
to make you the Crown Prince.
I was not coerced by you,
but rather, I had written
this edict long ago.
I doted on Yang
and indulged his reckless behavior
because I never placed great hopes on him.
He was a simple child.
I favored him,
but that doesn't mean
I would hand over Great Yong to him.
In my heart,
you are
the Prince capable of
taking on this great responsibility.
Che.
As a father,
I have failed you in many ways.
I haven't loved you enough,
nor cared for you enough.
But that is because
those are what an ordinary father
should do for his son.
To me, you are
my son,
but more importantly,
the successor of Great Yong.
Now I am old.
I have nothing
but full entrustment and expectations
for you.
I hope
you can guard this foundation
of Great Yong.
I promised Chu Qiao
not only to build up strength
for Great Yong
but also to accumulate power for you.
I believe in the future,
if you achieve something,
you will definitely become
the overlord of this world.
Your Majesty!
Your Majesty.
Are you alright?
It's fine.
He believed it.
Your Majesty.
Fortunately, the edict was prepared early.
Otherwise today...
This son of mine
is too much like me when I was young.
He is
more ruthless
and more decisive.
Your Majesty,
why are you here?
What is this?
I don't understand.
I'm sorry.
I failed to bring him back.
Your Majesty.
What are you saying? I don't understand.
This red jade pendant
is your personal belonging.
I recognize it.
He hid it in a secret pocket
and left it to me
with his last words.
I brought it back
to return it to you.
No, I don't want it.
You lied to me.
He can't possibly die.
He promised me
he would come back to see me.
Helian!
Don't touch me!
According to the will of Heaven,
my daughter, Chu Qiao,
is both loyal and brave,
and highly virtuous.
To follow the will of Heaven
and the people,
I hereby confer upon Chu Qiao
the title of Princess Ximeng.
May this title serve as a reward
and show my favor.
Accept the decree.
Thank you, Your Majesty.
Princess,
please wait.
Lord Zhuge, since you invited me here,
it couldn't just be to drink tea
and catch up, right?
Great Yong has more rain than Ximeng.
Although laurel can bloom here,
it doesn't grow as well as in Ximeng.
Ximeng is a place isolated from the world.
Whether it's people or trees,
they can grow freely.
But Ximeng has limited conditions.
It only has sunlight and land,
but no wealth, fine clothes, or rich food.
Everyone has their own ambitions.
Trees too.
Don't force them too much, My Lord.
Xing.
I know why you wanted
to be conferred this title
of Princess Ximeng.
But this is Great Yong's business.
I don't want you involved.
You know very well,
if Zhao Che takes the throne,
Ximeng and Great Yan
will have no peace.
Lord Zhuge, returning to Qingshan Manor
was your choice.
I can't agree with it,
nor will I stop you.
I also ask you, Lord Zhuge,
not to stand in my way either.
♪ The flowers fall into the sleeves ♪
This sword
was given to me by you, Lord Zhuge.
♪ They do not understand my sorrow ♪
Now,
♪ With a pot of wine ♪
♪ My longing surges ♪
I'm returning it to you.
♪ I become haggard ♪
♪ Soft rain patters on the windowpane ♪
♪ Awakening from the dream,
I no longer know what year it is ♪
Xing.
♪ My love remains ♪
♪ But you're already gone ♪
♪ I ask the vast sky ♪
♪ The wind is light,
but my longing is heavy ♪
♪ How do we start over? ♪
♪ How do we love
and hold on without parting ♪
I am now
♪ Or misunderstanding each other? ♪
Princess Ximeng.
♪ Do not let me only understand
the meaning of a fleeting glance ♪
In the future,
♪ When my eyes are red with tears ♪
we shouldn't meet again.
♪ What cannot be kept,
can only be sent away ♪
Lord Zhuge,
♪ In the end ♪
please conduct yourself with dignity.
I know you're definitely
going to save General Chu.
I'll go with you.
You might not come back if you do so.
Who can finish
the entire journey of life alive anyway?
♪ Facing the wind, I tread through frost ♪
♪ Measuring rivers and hills,
hooves rise light ♪
Didn't you guys
♪ The horizon lies far ahead ♪
say...
We said it would be hard.
♪ Swaying gently ♪
But we didn't say we wouldn't go.
I don't want to either.
♪ Through pine mists, past 1,000 hills ♪
But if my child is born
and says their father is a coward,
♪ Wrapped in the vast moonlight ♪
I couldn't bear the shame.
Without me, a First-Class Scout,
♪ Having drunk the surging waves ♪
can you even read a map?
Commander He,
♪ I care not how far the road ♪
take us with you!
-Take us with you!
♪ Strong wine to the wild plains ♪
♪ Beyond the pass,
sand blows like arrows ♪
♪ I ride and whip my steed ♪
♪ Chasing 10,000 miles of cloud and mist ♪
♪ Mountains and rivers fade behind ♪
♪ The wind crowns me ♪
♪ Your eyes glow with flame ♪
♪ Strong wind breaks the lute strings ♪
♪ Playing for 5,000 years ♪
♪ I ride my horse toward the south ♪
Why?
Too touched to speak?
♪ Endless spring beneath my hooves ♪
How about I give the order
to move out for you?
♪ Hoofbeats fade away ♪
♪ Rolling over peaks and ridges ♪
♪ A single neigh echoes
between heaven and earth ♪
♪ Treading on the clear wind ♪
Listen up, the Xiuli Army!
♪ The realm unfolds like a scroll ♪
-Yes!
Move out!
♪ Chasing the bright moon ♪
-Yes!
♪ My spirit swallows
mountains and rivers ♪
Ximeng is barren and vast,
with many gaps.
Now, apart from
the 20,000 Yong Army soldiers
stationed outside Ximeng Pass,
Zhao Che has sent 70,000 more troops
to advance west in 3 routes.
It seems they are heading
for Xiyong Valley, Mount Kelan,
and Mengshan Pass.
The forces in Ximeng
are already insufficient.
The Xiuli Army brought by Chu
is all stationed at Ximeng Pass.
The Yong Army
chose these 3 routes to attack,
probably because they are remote
and weakly guarded.
This time,
we need to gather at least 50,000 troops
to help Ximeng get through this crisis.
Your Majesty,
for Great Yan, 50,000 troops
is already all we have.
After the battle at Biantang,
the Black Eagle Army
has less than 20,000 left.
Among these 20,000,
some must stay
to guard the Capital of Great Yan.
My Great Yan Army
will gather immediately.
Excluding those guarding the borders,
I am afraid we can dispatch
10,000 men at most.
Your Majesty,
I understand.
This battle is not only about
the survival of Ximeng,
but it is also crucial to Great Yan.
But right now, we are truly facing
internal and external threats.
If the tribes cause trouble again
while we are sending reinforcements
to Ximeng,
the consequences will be unimaginable.
Your Majesty.
My Lady.
The matter you entrusted to me
has been fully investigated.
As you expected,
the Baichuan Tribe and the Pale Tribe,
apart from the necessary garrisons,
each still command
tens of thousands of troops.
Together with the 6,000 cavalry
of our Helian Tribe
and the 5,000 elite cavalry
you previously granted General Huan,
it's precisely
30,000 men.
From this moment on,
the Crown Prince is the new Emperor.
Your Majesty,
did I do it?
If I refuse to stop,
you will kill me,
right?
One hundred men
is enough.
Move out!
-Yes!